Release 5.0.0 (#1681)
MetaMask/snaps: packages/snaps-utils/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.38.1-flask.1]
### Changed
- Update transaction insights response and add severity level enum ([#1653](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps/pull/1653))

>    - Snaps are now able to specify a `severity` for transactions.

Author: ```suggestion
   - Snaps are now able to specify a `severity` for alongside their insight.
```
